nobody wants to get United like what we
gotta do is meet everybody at home
forty-nine sheet at the bench welcome
back to the bench
ladies and gentleman community in
today's this movement we will be talking
about some things to keep in mind while
doing basic tags I want to stress we'll
be keeping this topic to the basics
because in my eight years of mentoring
I've learned that advanced rafidhi
orders don't need my help for tags and
those who need my help are the ones who
don't know the basics so with that said
the first tip is to keep your tags
simple don't worry about style don't
worry about all that stuff just focus on
getting the actual structure down pat
that's the most important part of the
graffiti if you're messing this part up
you're messing everything else up and a
majority goofy tea orders who watch my
videos are just starting out and need to
go back to the basics this is the part a
lot of you guys are missing so like 90%
of you guys need to do this step it's
much better see a simple nice clean tag
rather than a poor attempt at a stylized
one and the same thing goes for pieces
as well next tip you really need to get
off the internet go outside and practice
tags with cans
this may sound hypocritical coming from
the guy on the Internet my final tell
you who will you see when I first
started up I would fill up black book
after black book with tags but then I
would go outside bombing and I would
suck major twat waffles and that's
because when you get on a wall it's a
completely different game when you're
practicing a book yeah you're learning
your tag but you're learning to do it in
a certain position and you're not
getting the muscle memory needed in
order to be able to do it on a wall
those of you guys who have been bombing
know exactly what I'm talking about
so try to practice not only in books but
also on walls another tip don't sketch
your tags I can't believe I even have to
say this this even goes for throw-ups
don't sketch your tags and throw-ups
it's like your signature you're supposed
to just do it you're not supposed to
sketch a tag or throw up what is the hex
yeah I can't believe this is a tip now
not saying you can never use a pencil to
rock a handsaw or throw up all I'm
saying is don't sketch it and if you're
just starting out in graffiti and you're
just learning how to do a tag in a throw
up and there's better options than a
pencil to practicing those things with
if you practice it with marker and pen
Z's or things you can't really erase so
whatever you get is what you get and
you're gonna be forced in order to look
at it and examine what it is you did
wrong so that you can go back on your
neck
attempt and try to fix it also when you
deal with a pedo marker you tend to
think a little bit more about what it is
you're doing tend to be a little bit
more conscious about the lines you're
making and why you're making them so now
when you're doing your tag you see why
it is you did this line the way you did
it instead of doing it with pencil and
you're just like ah and then you get to
erase whatever mistakes you make moving
on let's talk about baseline this is
pretty basic stuff right here but you
want to keep all your letters on the
base line the base line being pretty
much the invisible line that all your
letters are gonna be touching this is
gonna keep your letters looking nice
level and clean all very important
things for a basic tag this even applies
to more advanced styles of tags in most
cases although this is a very simple
thing to do you'll be surprised at how
many toys deviate from this next up keep
your letters about the same height and
width when you have drastic changes in
height and width of your letters it very
easily close your name weight off
balance this isn't really something you
want in a basic tag more advanced styles
of tags will use this in order to add
style but they know what they're doing
and they know how to compensate for that
off balance even slight differences in
letter size can affect your overall name
weigh so try to keep your letters about
the same size and proportion in order to
maintain a clean looking tag lastly is
negative space management in graffiti
neighbor space management is normally
pretty tight meaning the letters
position closely together
I'm not saying overlap you letters you
definitely want each letter to have its
own room but position them a little
closely together this topic gets really
in-depth and this isn't the video to
review all that it so we're gonna end
the video here there are a bunch more
tips I didn't have time to cover in this
video so if you guys have any tips feel
free to leave them in the comments down
below
in a nutshell keep your letters closed
simple size proportionally and practice
them outside on the wall with care key
point you need to get structure down pet
so cut back on the style doing these
things should help you guys produce a
nice clean simple tag and simple tears
are by no means toy most really good
graffiti ORS have a bunch of simple tags
so don't be afraid to have a simple tag
anyway guys if you enjoyed this video be
sure to show me by clicking that like
button and for those of you guys who
know here this little thing you just
watched called the bench and it happens
every Thursday now on Tuesdays you guys
get to join me on a traditional painting
I'm currently working on as right now
I'm starting up this original painting
which currently I'm only on week one of
so if you guys would like to join me for
painting and you don't want to miss out
on these videos be sure to click that
subscribe button down below to become
as always thank you beautiful people at
home for watching I will see you guys
this Tuesday but until then peace